= coypond

A semantic grep-like tool for Ruby. You can use coypond to search through ruby code for class, module, or method definitions.

== Features:

* Search using raw string or regular expression
* Narraw search to only module, classes, methods or any combination
* Search through files, directories, or specify a locally installed gem (using -g option)

== Installation:

From the command line:
    $ gem install coypond

or, in your Gemfile

    gem 'coypond'

== Examples:

To search for methods, classes or modules named +foo+ in the current directory:
    $ coypond foo .
    
Coypond uses the fully qualified name to index types, so to search the current directory for the +initialize+ method in the +Bar+ class under the +Foo+ module:
    $ coypond "Foo::Bar#initialize" .
    
You can also specify a gem for Coypond to search through using the _-g_ option (Coypond will try to find gems in the Ruby load path):
    $ coypond "Thumbnail#initialize" -g paperclip

== Contributing to coypond
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Amit Levy. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

